All right.
So the way that you want to tackle the first section of your specification sheet is very similar to
the way that we wrote the overview when we wrote the description in our job posting.
The only difference in a spec sheet is that your overview is going to be a little bit more comprehensive
and if you remember in the job description we had posted it pretty simply.
We really only described it with two or three sentences here.
It's OK to go a little bit farther with it but for the most part you really just want to say the same
thing and expand on it a little bit.
Now you can actually go back to your job posting and copy it in here.
You can get away with posting a little bit more info but for the most part it's the same information
really.
Here is where you would think to put something that not every single person needs to even read about
but someone who's doing a detailed estimation of your application.
The information here is going to help them kind of wrap their head around what exactly they're estimating.
It just makes it easier to process.
Now you can go without an Overview section if you want to.
I always suggest you do you always want to make sure that your developer or whoever is looking at this
is in line with your vision.
So we just copy that.
And for this example we're going to be using that that dating app that I just kind of made up if you
guys want me to do other examples of creating specification sheets I definitely can.
It's a very important process for not only getting the right estimate but not having problems later
down the line because you left something out or you said something in a way that was a little bit iffy
or didn't have concise language in this section.
Really again we're answering the what.
But I would try to expand a little bit farther.
General I want to say answer questions like What does the app do.
What does what does the app called.
I would say things like who uses the app.
I would answer questions like I would answer questions like what Jiajia graphical area is going to use
the app what is the key differentiator Shater and then even things like what are the most important
features.
So these are all questions that I would want to answer in the overview.
Now if your disk your over you created for your job scription is a little lacking.
Use these questions that I'm just asking right now to go back and add a little bit more to it.
So I would even go in and say the app is restricted to United States only.
What is the app called we'll call it.
The app is is called lovely.
I know that there is already an application called lovely that helps you find apartments for the most
part.
This is helpful for us because this is fake.
The app is called lovely and then I could say key differentiators.
The biggest difference between us and others is it is on mobile only.
And to give you a limited amount of matches per day and then three matches based off a questionnaire.
Now there are applications that match you off questionnaires.
OK keep it does that.
There are ones that are mobile only tender is mobile only.
There are ones that give you unlimited amount of matches per day coffee meets bagel does that.
And but in this case it has all three.
So that is the key differentiator.
So that was what I would list off.
It's helpful to understand if I'm reading this why do I care why are we making this.
Those are kind of important.
And then I would say things like the key features are say the the questionnaire questionnaire and the
ability to see and say like them to send stickers.
OK so this is just really coming out to be a terrible application but you're kind of getting the point.
So in this section try to capture everything that you would consider broad strokes.
Everything you consider big picture but you don't really want to get into the nitty gritty.
You're not going to say it does this it does this it does this it does this because that is actually
the next section that is in functions included.
So in the next lecture we're going to cover functions included.
We're going to cover how you can find everything that's in your application and what's kind of a good
process by to go through and list off what we also call the scope of your application so I'll see you
in the next lecture.